(Usagi) Dearest Mamo. Summer
vacation's finally here!
And we're all going camping at
the lake!
But they say this place is
haunted. What if our vacation
turns into a scare-cation?!
It's like "Friday the 13th!"
Pretty young girls in danger!
I hate horror movies.
[grunts] Yet another failure!
(Aya) Oh, my. What a waste.
[gasps]
What? Who are you?
I take it that you're Kengo
Ibuki, the up-and-coming
ceramics artist.
What do you want?
[chuckles] I'd like for you to
show me your Star Seed!
[yells]
[sighs] Struck out again.
(Usagi) "The Screaming Dead:
Terror of the Camp Monster."
Oh, boy. So which card?
This one! Aw!
[laughing]
Chibi-Chibi! [giggles]
Chibi-Chibi! No running on the
train! Get back to your seat!
(Chibi-Chibi) Seat!
Now that Chibi-Chibi's shown
up out of the blue, poor
Usagi's gotta look after her.
She's probably gonna have to
babysit the entire time that
we're at camp.
I've got plans of my own for
this summer getaway! I'm gonna
find some romance!
I can't wait to see this place
you spoke so highly of, Rei.
You have an acquaintance
who lives close to where we're
going camping, isn't that right?
Yeah! He's a relative of mine
who's an artist. He makes
ceramics.
And I haven't seen him in
years.
He's the one who made this
pendant.
Wow, did he really make that
out of clay with his own
hands?
Yeah!
It's beautiful.
I know, right? I think that it's
really well made.
But he told me that he considers
it to be just another failure.
What?!
Are you serious?
[giggles]
Another failure!
[gasps]
This one's another failure,
too!
And this one!
This, too!
And this!
Hmph.
(Rei) No!
[sobbing] Please, don't break
that one! Oh, please! It's just
so pretty.
Please don't!
[sobbing]
Rei, I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to scare you. I'll make you
something better.
Why don't you hold on to this
for me until next time, ok?
Aww.
When Kengo is in a creative
slump...
he tends to break everything
that he's made before.
Chibi-Chibi!
Box lunches, for sale! Tea,
coffee, juice?
(Usagi) Hey! Chibi-Chibi, no!
Come back here!
[grunts]
Usagi might be stuck in her
slump forever.
M-hm.
[chatting]
Hm?
Y'all here to do a little
camping?
Yeah.
And to look for a summer
romance! [chuckling]
Well, romance is nice, but y'all
be careful. Someone's been
terrorizing the campers here.
Terrorizing campers?
[gasps]
[screams]
[grunts]
[evil roar]
[screaming]
[roaring]
[frightened screams]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Wherever evil appears in this
world, we'll come to the
rescue with a bang!
Ultra Red!
Ultra Yellow!
Ultra Blue!
We're the Secret Task Force
Ultra Commanders!
Ah! You've come to save me,
Ultra Commanders! You're
ultra-cool!
[nervous roar]
(Director) Cut! Print it!
[sighs]
[film crew buzz]
That was really convincing!
[grunts] So hot!
It's awful having to wear
these costumes.
I'll say.
Hey! Wanna take a quick swim
while we're waiting?
Yeah, that's a good idea!
(Yaten) Let's go!
Huh?
Kengo? You there? It's Rei!
[gasps]
[sighs] All of this just because
of a slump?
I have a bad feeling about
this.
Woohoo!
[excited giggling]
(Usagi) It's so nice and cool!
(Chibi) Cool!
You'd better think fast,
Minako! Fire hose! [laughs]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
You asked for it! [grunts]
Niagara!
[annoyed grunting]
How about a Typhoon Eighteen!
Pororoca!
Hurricane!
Typhoon!
Tornado!
Uhh.
What do you think about that
officer's story?
It does worry me. Especially
with a little child here.
Squall! Ya ya ya!
Great flood! [grunting]
Hm?
(Usagi) Take that! [grunting]
[grunting]
[gasps] Usagi, behind you!
Mega tsunami!
[grunting]
[splashing]
[determined grunting]
[gasps]
Huh?
[chuckles]
Seiya?! What?!
Taiki, you're?!
Yaten?
Hm? Chibi-Chibi?
What?! You guys are playing
superheroes fighting to
protect the Earth?
[laughing] There goes the
Earth, I guess!
Hey, be quiet, Bun-head!
So the plot is that this hideous
monster rises out of the lake
and starts attacking...
a whole bunch of young campers,
and we three are the ones who
end up taking it down!
Oh?
Maybe it's the same monster
that's supposed to be on the
loose around here!
I'm so scared!
Uh.
Monster on the loose? What?
We heard that something's
been terrorizing the campers
around here.
Huh?
Terrorizing campers?
Yeah. Apparently.
How weird. It sounds just like
the movie we've been
shooting.
Yeah. I'm scared!
Huh? Hmm.
I wonder, maybe there really
is one lurking around
somewhere.
Huh? Really is one what?
A deadly monster!
Oh, come on, Seiya! Stop!
There's no such thing as
monsters like that!
Oh, yeah? Well you never
really know. [chuckles]
Hey, stop it!
[gasps] I'm scared! Protect
me, Yaten!
(Assistant) Three Lights!
Huh?
Come on! We're about to start
shooting again!
[growl]
Chibi.
Thanks. [chuckles]
[gasps]
Huh?
[sighs] You scared me!
Why?
Because you just appeared out
of nowhere!
So Rei, how's that relative of
yours doing?
Doing?
I don't know. He wasn't at
home.
And I made sure to tell him we
were coming.
[roars]
[grunting]
[grunts]
(Director) Cut! Okay!
[groaning]
(Assistant) All right, that's it
for today! Good job, everyone!
Good job, guys!
Hey! We're gonna get in
trouble if you take that
without permission.
What do you want with that
thing, anyway?
[chuckles] I have a really
neat idea!
[laughing] This is a good spot
for the tarp, don't you think?
Hey, Rei? Can you get that for
me?
Sure!
Chibi-Chibi!
What're you doing?! That's
dangerous! Give me that,
Chibi-Chibi!
Chibi-Chibi-Chibi-Chibi-Chibi.
Chibi?
[gasps]
Trouble! Big trouble!
[panting]
It...It's out there! The monster
terrorizing the camp!
Huh?!
[gasps]
So what do we do?!
Oh, no.
What Rei, what's wrong?
It's Kengo. Maybe he was a
victim of the monster, too!
What?!
No way!
[mischievous chuckle]
[frightened shrieks] It went
that way!
[scared screaming]
Seiya's even scaring other
people that we don't know!
Guess so! He's really going
all-out.
I knew it. Kengo was attacked
by the monster!
Wait so is there really a
monster out there?!
[breathy growl] A failure!
Huh?!
A failure!
[screams]
[mischievous chuckle]
A failure! A failure!
Hey, our tents! You destroyed
our tents!
Here, hold her. What's the big
idea, huh?!
Huh?
[angry growl]
[frightened fleeing]
[fake frightened] Please don't!
A failure! A failure!
(Kengo) A failure!
[chuckles] He's really into
it!
[chuckles] But what is that
thing that he's carrying with
him, anyway?
(Taiki) Didn't he take a
chainsaw?
[humming]
[chuckles] Getting them scared
beforehand is sure to make them
jumpy.
Once I show up, they'll be so
frightened that they'll fall
right on their butts! [chuckles]
[frightened running]
Huh?
Huh? Why aren't they back yet?
You think he's still chasing
them around?
Seiya's really gotten carried
away with all this.
[attacking yells]
At least he's back.
So he is.
Huh?
All right Seiya, let's call it
quits already.
Yeah, I'm getting hungry,
here.
What do you mean, "already?" I
haven't even done anything
yet!
Where are Bun-head and
the others, anyway?
Uhh.
Uh, Seiya? By any chance, did
you just get here right now?
Yeah, of course! Hey, come
on guys!
I was really looking forward to
scaring them! So where'd they
all go?
[gasps] Hey, what happened?
The tents are all knocked down!
Yaten, was that thing...?
The real deal?
[gasps] Hey, what do you mean,
"the real deal?!"
[sighs]
Guys! Wait up!
A failure! A failure!
[frightened running]
[gasps]
[panting] You okay?
Failure!
[grunts]
Huh?
[gasps]
Rei! Quick! Now's our chance
to transform!
M-hm.
Mars Crystal Power Make Up!
Moon Eternal Make Up!
[growls]
People made big plans to get
away from the heat...
this summer vacation and have a
lot of fun here!
Like singing, eating, and
maybe even finding a summer
romance!
How dare you ruin everyone's fun
at camp!
We are the Pretty Guardians!
Who fight for love and for
justice.
I am Sailor Moon!
And I'm Sailor Mars!
And now, in the name of the
Moon!
We'll punish you!
A failure! A failure! All you
are is a failure!
Well, that is really rude! Why
are you calling me a failure,
huh?!
[roars]
[impressed]
[gasps]
A failure!
Hmph.
[screams]
What is going on?! What's the
deal with these clay pots and
stuff?!
A failure!
[grunts] Could that?!
[growls] Another failure!
(Sailor Mars) No!
No, please! Don't break that!
Hm?
[sighs]
A failure!
(Rei) No!
[sobbing] Please, don't break
that one! Oh, please! It's
just so pretty.
Please don't! [sobs]
Rei, I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to scare you. I'll make you
something better.
Why don't you hold on to this
for me until next time, ok?
No way! Kengo?!
Huh?!
You're Kengo! That's who you
really are, right?!
[grunting] A failure!
[grunts]
Sailor Mars! Are you sure
that's him?!
I'm positive. Which means
someone must've turned him
into this monster somehow!
You're just a failure! All of
you are nothing but failures!
Please, Kengo! Stop all this!
You're all failures!
Hmph.
Mars Flame Sniper!
[screams]
Quick! Help him, Sailor Moon!
M-hm.
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
[grunts] Beautiful!
Oh, Kengo!
[gasps]
Hmm.
Guess they didn't need us this
time.
Yes.
Well, let's go.
Uhh. [shrieks]
[laughing]
Well, it looks like all of your
masterpieces got destroyed,
Kengo. It's sad, huh?
Actually this is a good chance
to start over again.
I think that I've been trying
too hard to do something new.
And I lost track of myself in
the process.
[chuckles]
(Usagi) How pathetic!
I hear you fainted when you
saw the monster terrorizing
the camp.
You might be a superhero in that
movie of yours, but you're a
super chicken in real life.
Well, maybe, but what can I
say? It caught me by surprise,
that's all.
Your fans would be so
disappointed in you if they
found out.
Shh!
[grunting]
Huh?
Usagi?!
Seiya?!
Chibi-Chibi!
You pervert! [grunts]
It was an accident!
(Usagi) What am I gonna do?
(Seiya) What's wrong?
(Usagi) Chibi-Chibi and I are
gonna be all alone by ourselves
tonight.
(Seiya) You're not a kid
anymore. Just deal with it.
(Usagi) But there have been so
many burglaries lately!
(Seiya) Want me to stay over as
your bodyguard?
(Usagi) Really?! You'd do that?
(Seiya) Yeah. There's something
I've been meaning to tell you
anyway.
(Usagi) [gasps]
Next time on Sailor Stars, "A
Night Alone Together: Usagi in
Danger."
The moonlight is a messenger
of love.